l'agent Hundley here isolated tropical
paradise complete with dazzling Sun sets
majestic wildlife it's like a postcard
soaked in kerosene this is virgin
wilderness burnt and deflowered shot for
more holes soda water ah take a look at
fast Montenegro the man behind the
destruction crows drugs takes drugs
commands an army of black-market pirates
works for the biggest slave trader of
the southern hemisphere and kidnaps
hostages but you know about that if you
want to get your friends back you'll
have to take him to the cleaners and to
do it you're gonna need guns
shelter and a really good doctor dr.
Alec Earnhardt can teach you local
recipes but they may be some side of
things
while you try to avoid playing footsie
with boss search for outposts
use them as a base and to travel rapidly
across the island as for weapons they
don't take credit cards here you're
gonna need some cash running side
missions like deliveries with rocky out
of the jungle can earn you Janeiro
hunting and crafting or other options
for cash flow
or you can go lay it all on the line in
a poker game watch out no may find
yourself doing some unsavory things
you do that and managed to stay alive
you can end up with some serious
firepower and just maybe you'll have a
chance to stand against Parsons men
happy hunting
you